Missy what happened to you
doctors hate me
okay so how did this happen it all
started on Monday got into an argument
with an old woman whatever I'm with you
you went to your fancy names you know
what because you guys not go far yeah
there are a million other slowly you
feel going to it I want to hear her
oh no I'm rich get out of my okay but
Japanese this cradle top German engineer
anywhere else out here I got you I got a
seal what do you mean she cursed you I
didn't think that much about it myself
until the next day I was checking
Facebook that's when it started
happening
and it kept getting weirder
and then today your wallet your phone
your proof insurance card what now come
on we wouldn't want to do anything rash
but you're doctors you can't hurt anyone
oh that's right what shall we do dr.
Willoughby hmm let me think dr. gray huh
we could recommend her for additional
tests Oh like an x-ray or maybe an
ultrasound who knows what that appendix
is up to or the one where you drink that
what is it Barry I'm moe see any indeed
oh we could write you a prescription
that's not covered by your insurance
when there's a cheaper alternative with
fewer gross side effects oh please and
you came right here I had to they know
where I live they could have followed
you but why would they follow me he's
here who is the Surgeon General
miss Stevens the doctor will see you now
what are you doing nothing enough I
don't like my doctor I don't want to
keep my doctor
mess with me and side effects may
include contusions loss of consciousness
and bruising to your ego surgeon
general's warning you're behind on your
shots Missy
catch what oh sorry
up here's another one catch an athlete
day motherfuckers you win this round if
Stevens but know this while you are free
to use the medical system as you need we
still hate you
you
hate you
awesome and actually could you get out
of I might use this